        VRPrinter v2.1     Graphics Mode Printing object for VX-REXX
        
        The VRPrinter object for VX-REXX gives you access to complex 
        graphic printing functionality under VX-REXX. It is a VX-REXX
        object developed using the ODK from WATCOM inc. and SOM-1. It
        is automatically installed on the VX-REXX tooolbar. The VRPrinter 
        object is fully enabled for drag drop programming and will 
        install a set of programming macros in your VX-REXX system 
        directory.

        With this printer object you will be able to create professional 
        style reports and outputs for your VX-REXX programs with images, 
        boxes and text that can be justified, right or left aligned 
        or centred. Documents can use up to 30 different font faces. You 
        can also create tables with or without running headers and with 
        different styles for the header and the body of the table. The 
        VRPrinter object allows you to define page headers and footers 
        and gives you access to a list of the printers connected to your 
        work-station with their Job Properties and Font dialogs.

        The VRPrinter object is shareware and can be registered through the 
        Shareware Registration database GO SWREG reg No 6200. If you have 
        registered any of the other ADD Consulting Printing libraries you 
        can register for the upgrade price(reg No 6330).
        
        If you need similar functionality for other REXX development 
        environments, download PRTGRAPH from the OS/2 Shareware library.
        A C/C++ version, PRTGRAFC is also available for download from 
        the same library.
        
        What's new in Version 2.1
        
        In Version 2.0 a progress dialog is shown during printing and 
        the following methods have been added:
        
            o MoveX
            o MoveY
            o PrintWinImage


        ADD Consulting (CH)                              1996.01.01
